[Music]
who will be your first kiss your first
kiss is one of those memories that can
stay with you forever
so do you ever wonder who it's gonna be
try this simple test to find out and
don't forget to click subscribe and ring
the notification bell to join the bright
side of lights the test consists of 10
multiple-choice questions each time you
choose a B C or D you'll be awarded a
certain amount of points so grab a pen
and paper to keep track of your tally
and let's get started question number
one what's the most important thing for
you in a relationship a fun I want my
relationship to bring the joy and
inspire me be comfort I'm looking for
someone to protect and take care of me
see excitement I need a partner who will
make my life even more colorful d unity
I need to have a strong bond with
somebody and know that they'll be by my
side no matter what if you chose a you
get 3 points B is worth 2 points C will
give you 4 points and D is a 1 pointer
question number two what's your perfect
pet eight cats they're independent and
cool yet so cute at the same time B I'm
a dog person they're true friends who
will always be there for you see maybe a
hamster or a guinea pig they're adorable
d I like something edgy like a spider or
a snake if you're a cat person at heart
you get two points having a soft spot
for dogs
ud three points that adorable little
hamster will give you just one point
today but if you chose d you get four
whole points for your love of edgy pets
[Music]
question three what's the biggest
turnoff for you eight someone who's
ordinary and has nothing special or
unique about them be a know-it-all I
can't deal with arrogance see someone
who's really boring to be around D
people who are rude and indifferent
towards others
[Music]
at four points seer tally if you chose a
for option B you get one point C equals
three points and D will get you two more
points question number four what's your
favorite season eight winter fairy
tale-like snow ice skating hot cocoa I'm
all about it
B spring flowers the first sunny days
after a long winter what can be better D
summer
nothing beats fun in the Sun and
vacation time D autumn big comfy
sweaters all the colorful leaves that's
my jam
[Music]
did you choose winter then make sure to
add one point to your score spring is a
three point option and summer will give
you four points if you've fallen in love
with fall then you get two points for
this question question number five
what's your idea of the best first date
ever
eight an amusement park or any other
thrilling place where we can have fun be
I'm kind of traditional so dinner and a
movie would be a-okay with me see I want
something special that I'll remember
forever like a picnic on the beach or an
exciting adventure d I don't care where
we go as long as there's a connection
between me and my date I'm fine if you
chose option A here are your three
points option B gives you two points C
equals four points and deep leaves you
with one point question number six
what's your favorite food a chocolate
cake B pasta C cheeseburgers d chicken
letter eight is a two point option B is
four points C equals three points and D
will get you one point
question number seven what country would
you like to visit a France it's so
romantic B England I love its elegance
and unique charm C Japan it's a whole
other world
I'd really like to explore d Italy great
food landscapes and clubs it has
everything you need if your dream
destination is France
write down two more points rainy but
sophisticated England brings you one
point if you can't wait to visit Japan
add four points to your score for fun
and exciting Italy it's three points
question number eight
choose a color you like best eight red B
blue C white D yellow go ahead and give
yourself four points for choosing a if
you went with B you get two points C
equals one point and D will be three
points question number nine what are you
looking for in other people eight I
think oil tea is the most important part
of any relationship whether it's
romantic or not be for me a good sense
of humor is a must I want to be around
people that can make me laugh and have a
good time see I'm usually attracted to
people who is confidence and inner
harmony deep free-spirited and
open-minded people are the best
if option a sounds like your type of
person then give yourself two points did
befit you best then you get four points
as for see it's worth three points and D
will get you one point question number
ten what scares you the most a losing
control over my life and decisions be
losing people I love C leading a boring
mundane life D being like everyone else
it gives you one point this time option
B is two points C equals three points
and D will put four more points on your
tally now that you've finished the test
it's time to add up your score and find
out your results if you scored ten to
sixteen points the name of your first
kiss will probably start with B our s D
B H or a by nature your reserved and
traditional you sometimes put up a wall
between yourself and everyone else out
of fear that someone will break your
heart you need somebody who will smash
all these boundaries and earn your trust
and that's exactly what your first kiss
boot is gonna do don't be afraid to open
your beautiful heart and soul to other
people they're definitely intrigued by
your mysterious personality and want to
get to know you better
someday when you're ready you'll find a
perfect partner who will win your heart
with their dedication and determination
and when that time comes you'll have
your first and best kiss ever just wait
for it if you've got seventeen to twenty
five points you'll likely be puckering
up with someone whose name starts with
the letter e K Y X I or oh you're a
pretty laid-back and relaxed person but
when you're in love you fall hard and
become incredibly sensitive you need
someone who will stand by your side and
with whom you'll feel protected and safe
plus you're certainly in for some
romantic gestures so don't worry you'll
find someone like that in no time just
don't forget that completely perfect
fairy tales aren't real we all have our
differences and disagreements but if you
want to be with somebody you have to
meet them halfway if you're willing to
do that your relationship will only
blossom from this very first kiss
if you came out with 26 to 34 points
your first kisses name may begin with C
F j WQ or n this indicates that your
future partner will be passionate about
life and experiences preferring to be in
the driver's seat rather than being a
passenger this is true for you too you
try to live your life to the fullest and
be authentic that's why you too will be
a power couple in the making
thanks to your ability to build a strong
bond and have fun at the same time you
both know how important it is to be best
friends in the first place and you
follow this up speakable rule since you
can tell each other pretty much
everything knowing that you won't be
judged so considering your colorful
personalities your first kiss will be
absolutely unforgettable and finally if
you scored more than 34 points the name
of your first kiss will probably start
with G L M p t you or Z the best word to
describe you is unique you're
independent
open-minded and enjoy being in control
you sink outside the box and aren't
afraid to speak your mind this usually
manifests itself in your love and
passion for art it can be writing
singing painting or anything else that
helps you process your emotions and let
them out well you'll definitely find a
good companionship with your first kiss
partner since they're just as magnetic
and motivated as you are your love story
will no doubt be exciting surprising and
mind-blowing so you certainly have a lot
to look forward to
what results did you get tell us in the
comments section below make sure to give
this video a like share it with your
friends and click subscribe to stay on
the bright side
[Music]
you